#summary IPTWeather FAQ.

<b><font color="Green">Q: I'm getting constant Mortscript errors when it tries to update ("A problem has occurred with MortScript.exe").</font></b><br />
A: MortScript cannot toggle the data connection off on some ROMs and just crashes.<br />
You can bypass this by installing <a href="http://www.vijay555.com/?Releases:VJVolubilis" target="_blank">VJVolubilis</a> and setting IPTWinternetConnection=VJVolubilis. Depending on your OS language, you might have to change IPTWvjvolubilisPath.<br />
For your information, VJVolubilis is an app to toggle your data connection, and it works better than MortScript to achieve that.<br />
<br />
<b><font color="Green">Q: I want to install the latest version of IPTWeather, but I'm scared to install it because I don't want to loose all my so hardly configured settings in the weather.ini file.</font></b><br />
A: You can update to the newest IPTWeather version without being scared of loosing all your settings:<br />
1 - backup your weather.ini by creating a copy of it anywhere.<br />
2 - install latest version of IPTWeather (Killing Dragon or upper)<br />
3 - run the new script restoreConfigBackup.mscr<br />
4 - select your backup weather.ini<br />
5 - and your settings are restored!<br />
<br />
<b><font color="Green">Q: IPTweather have some bug, it can update weather only several time after install, after this can't update at any time.</font></b><br />
A: ~~Try restarting your device. It may happen sometimes that the MortScript is "locked" during the download process, thus resulting in not updating any more. I cannot do anything about that. It is a MortScript limitation.~~<br />
This is actually a bug in refreshing S2U2! I managed to bypass this. It fixed since the version 20101119.<br />
<br />
<b><font color="Green">Q: Could IPTWeather display in iPhoneToday a humidity icon?</font></b><br />
A: Yes, IPTWeather can do that thanks to the userScriptOnUpdate.mscr script wich allows the user to have some custom features. Please check the following link for [http://forum.xda-developers.com/showpost.php?p=6905046&postcount=523 full instructions on how to add this feature] (included in latest versions of IPTWeather).<br />
<br />
<b><font color="Green">Q: I use IPTWeather My Location service or Google Latitude to retrieve the location for current weather, but it doesn't seem very accurate because it gives me the weather of a city like 30 km from my location, even if Google Maps can find my position about 500 meters from my current. What could be the problem?</font></b><br />
A: AccuWeather's database to translate GPS position into a city is not very accurate (precision around 30km). You cannot do anything but find the exact code of your location using the script manageIPTWLocation.mscr.<br />
<br />
<b><font color="Green">Q: I have configured the weather.ini file to display weather icons in iPhoneToday on a place where there is no icon. Nothing is displayed.</font></b><br />
A: If you want to have specific icons just for the weather and nothing else, you need to create blank icons in iPhoneToday. Because of the design of iPhoneToday, IPTWeather cannot create icons, but only update icons. The same rule applies if you want to have a page dedicated to weather icons.<br />
<br />
<b><font color="Green">Q: I have french (or something) shortnames for the days of the week. Jeu, Ven, Dim, etc.</font></b><br />
A: In your weather.ini file, change the settings IPTWmondayText, IPTWtuesdayText, ..., IPTWsundayText.<br />
<br />
<b><font color="Green">Q: I have moved the weather icon in iPhoneToday, but IPTWeather keeps updating the previous icon and not the new one!</font></b><br />
A: IPTWeather updates with the current weather the icon defined in the weather.ini file by the settings IPTWcurrentWeatherIcon and IPTWcurrentWeatherPage.<br />
<br />
<b><font color="Green">Q: What is the iPhoneTodayAccuWeather.mscr script for?</font></b><br />
A: This script expands, without modifying your icons.xml file, all weather forecast icons in iPhoneToday at first call. If you call it a second time, weather forecast icons are hidden and it's back to your icons.xml configuration.<br />
<br />
<b><font color="Green">Q: How to easily change the weather location?</font></b><br />
A: Call the manageIPTWLocation.mscr script. You can also set your favorite locations thanks to this script.<br />
<br />
<b><font color="Green">Q: What is the quickIPTWFavoriteLocationChange.mscr script for?</font></b><br />
A: This script allows you to change your current location to your next favorite location. You can set your favorite locations by calling the manageIPTWLocation.mscr script.<br />
<br />
<b><font color="Green">Q: What is the setIPTFavoriteLocation.mscr script for?</font></b><br />
A: This script allows you to change your current location to the favorite location of your choice. By default, it changes your location to your fifth favorite location. You may want to make copies of this script and edit each copy, to have for instance setIPTFavoriteLocation0.mscr, setIPTFavoriteLocation1.mscr, etc., each one allowing you to change your current location directly to your first, second, etc., favorite location.<br />
<br />
<b><font color="Green">Q: What is the startAccuWeather.mscr script for?</font></b><br />
A: This script is to actually start IPTWeather. When you install the cab, a shortcut to this script is created to call this script.<br />
<br />
<b><font color="Green">Q: What is the autostartIPTWeather.mscr script
for?</font></b><br />
A: This script creates a shortcut to the startAccuWeather.mscr script in your Windows StartUp menu, to start IPTWeather when you restart your device. This script should only be used if you want to change the installation directory of IPTWeather.<br />
<br />
<b><font color="Green">Q: How to use IPTWeather only with S2U2, not with iPhoneToday?</font></b><br />
A: In the weather.ini file, set IPTWiPhoneTodayDisabled=1.<br />
Please note it will be automatically disabled if iPhoneToday is not running nor installed, unless IPTWiPhoneTodayDisabled=-1.<br />
<br />
<b><font color="Green">Q: How to use IPTWeather only with iPhoneToday, not with S2U2?</font></b><br />
A: In the weather.ini file, set IPTWtomorrowForecastInS2U2UserWeather=0, IPTWtodayForecastInS2U2Wallpaper=0, and IPTWtodayForecastInS2U2Text=0.<br />
Please note it will be automatically disable if you have not installed S2U2 on your device.<br />
<br />
<b><font color="Green">Q: The text shown on the S2U2 slider is sometimes to long and is not entirely visible and the right margin is out of the text box. Can I fix it somehow?</font></b><br />
A: In the weather.ini you can set the IPTWlanguageFile to the weather description file you want. By default, it is eng.ini but you can change it. You can also change the text to fit your language or the size you want.<br />
<br />
<b><font color="Green">Q: I'd like the text shown on the S2U2 slider to be in a different language. Is it possible?</font></b><br />
A: ~~Change the setting IPTWtranslationLanguageCode to fit your language. Default language is US English. Please note that if IPTWtranslationLanguageCode is not empty, this will result in downloading more data.~~<br />
You can edit manually the weather description file which the file set in IPTWlanguageFile. By default, it is set to the eng.ini file which located in the sys folder of IPTWeather.<br />
<br />
<b><font color="Green">Q: How to change the installation path?</font></b><br />
A: To change the installation path of the IPTWeather folder, you have to:<br />
0 - Move the IPTWeather to the folder you want and check the path of your icons in the weather.ini file<br />
1 - Run the autostartIPTWeather.mscr script<br />
2 - Run the startAccuWeather.mscr script<br />