#summary IPTWeather installation steps.

- Install <a href="http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=508429" target="_blank">MiToNiOeS' iPhoneToday</a> or <a href="http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=633618" target="_blank">tronikos' iPhoneToday</a> and/or <a href="http://s2u2.ac-s2.com/" target="_blank">S2U2</a> (I don't recommand the use of the v2.34 of S2U2 that seems buggy...)<br />
- Install <a href="http://www.sto-helit.de/index.php?module=download&amp;action=view&amp;entry=65" target="_blank">Mortscript <b>4.2</b></a><br />
- Install <a href="http://forum.xda-developers.com/showthread.php?t=607102" target="_blank">Sleuth's myLocation Service</a> if you want to use the 'My Location' feature<br />
- Install the IPTWeather cab file<br />
- To use IPTWeather with iPhoneToday, extract an icon set (accuweathericons.zip or spilicons.zip below or from other users) into your IPTWeather folder (should have an accuweathericons or spilicon or whatever folder in the IPTWeather folder). Please read the FAQ below on how to disable the use of IPTWeather with iPhoneToday.<br />
- To use IPTWeather with S2U2, extract S2U2wallpapers.zip and S2U2icons.zip (or S2U2spilicons.zip) into your \Program files\S2U2\gfx folder (Overwrite files if prompted). You should have a wallpaper folder and a weather folder in the S2U2\gfx folder.  Please read the FAQ below on how to disable the use of IPTWeather with S2U2.<br />
- Edit the weather.ini file to match your preferences.<br />
- In iPhoneToday, change the icon numbered IPTWcurrentWeatherIcon on the page IPTWcurrentWeatherPage (like in the weather.ini file) to use for instance the icon \IPTWeather\accuweathericons\AccuWeather.bmp, and to run the iPhoneTodayAccuWeather.mscr script that will show weather forecasts as icons in iPhoneToday.<br />
- Restart your phone or just run startAccuWeather.mscr<br />
<br />